Support additional language POC (#296)
microsoft/presidio: docs/developing_recognizers.md

When building such model, you would need to extend the [EntityRecognizer](presidio-analyzer/presidio_analyzer/entity_recognizer.py) class.

#### Apply custom logic

In some cases, rule-based logic provides the best way of detecting entities.
The Presidio EntityRecognizer API allows you to use spaCy extracted features like lemmas, part of speech, dependencies and more to create your logic. When building such model, you would need to extend the [EntityRecognizer](presidio-analyzer/presidio_analyzer/entity_recognizer.py) class.

#### Deep learning based methods

Deep learning methods offer excellent detection rates for NER.
They are however more complex to train, deploy and tend to be slower than traditional approaches.
When contributing a DL based method, the best option would be to create a sidecar container which is isolated from the presidio-analyzer container. On the `presidio-analyzer` side, one would extend the [RemoteRecognizer](presidio-analyzer/presidio_analyzer/remote_recognizer.py) class and implement the network interface between `presidio-analyzer` and the endpoint of the model's container.

## Language support

> When developing a new recognizer, a supported language should be specified ('english' by default if not specified). When a request for analysis is made it includes the language as argument. Only recognizers supporting that language will be used (if any). A recognizer can support a single language only.

Reviewer: either 'en' or English

### Supporting new languages
To support more languages simply create a new recognizer and specify which language it supports

see [Israeli web domains recognizer](../presidio-analyzer/presidio_analyzer/predefined_recognizers/il_domain_recognizer.py) as an example:

```python
def __init__(self):
        patterns = [Pattern('IL Domain', IL_DOMAIN_REGEX, 0.5)]
        super().__init__(supported_entity="IL_DOMAIN_NAME", patterns=patterns,
                         context=CONTEXT, supported_language='he')
```

> Important note: Presidio supports score improvment using surronding context words. However this mechanism is based on NLP tokenzier (SpaCy). In Presidio we are preloading only the English NLP model. This means that for languages other than English context support is not available.

Reviewer: improvement
```suggestion
Important note: Presidio supports score improvement using surrounding context words. However this mechanism is based on NLP tokenzier (SpaCy). In Presidio we are preloading only the English NLP model. This means that for languages other than English context support is not available.
One can deploy Presidio with more than one spaCy model, but this is not officially supported. [Here is a list of supported languages by spaCy](https://spacy.io/usage/models)
```

When building such model, you would need to extend the [EntityRecognizer](presidio-analyzer/presidio_analyzer/entity_recognizer.py) class.

#### Apply custom logic

In some cases, rule-based logic provides the best way of detecting entities.
The Presidio EntityRecognizer API allows you to use spaCy extracted features like lemmas, part of speech, dependencies and more to create your logic. When building such model, you would need to extend the [EntityRecognizer](presidio-analyzer/presidio_analyzer/entity_recognizer.py) class.

#### Deep learning based methods

Deep learning methods offer excellent detection rates for NER.
They are however more complex to train, deploy and tend to be slower than traditional approaches.
When contributing a DL based method, the best option would be to create a sidecar container which is isolated from the presidio-analyzer container. On the `presidio-analyzer` side, one would extend the [RemoteRecognizer](presidio-analyzer/presidio_analyzer/remote_recognizer.py) class and implement the network interface between `presidio-analyzer` and the endpoint of the model's container.

## Language support

> When developing a new recognizer, a supported language should be specified ('en' by default if not specified). When a request for analysis is made it includes the language as argument. Only recognizers supporting that language will be used (if any). A recognizer can support a single language only.

Reviewer 2: Let's recommend to adopt the ISO 639-1 language code list.
https://www.iso.org/standard/22109.html
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes
